Fix typo on production deployment index (#1379)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/properties/cluster-properties.adoc

NOTE: This property is available in Redpanda version 25.1.7 and later.

Base URI for the Iceberg REST catalog. If unset, the REST catalog server determines the location. Some REST catalogs, like AWS Glue, require the client to set this. After Iceberg is enabled, do not change this value.

> If you require this option for AWS Glue, note that Tiered Storage does not support the use of distinct buckets for Iceberg, so be sure to always place `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` in the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use AWS Glue with Iceberg, the `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` must point to the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`. Tiered Storage does not support storing Iceberg data and catalog objects in different buckets. Use a single bucket for both.
```

Why do we call out AWS Glue specifically?

Reviewer: Could we just say that `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` must point to the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`?

Reviewer 2: Because for others generally people should not set it here but in the catalog.

If you want to be really picky maybe this but either works ok.

> If you require this option (e.g. for Glue), note that Tiered Storage does not support the use of distinct buckets for Iceberg, so be sure to always place `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` in the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`.

> If you use AWS Glue with Iceberg, the `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` must point to the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`. Tiered Storage does not support storing Iceberg data and catalog objects in different buckets. Use a single bucket for both.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Specify `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` only when your catalog explicitly requires it (for example, for AWS Glue); otherwise, leave it unset and the REST catalog will choose the location. If you provide a value, it must use the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket` because Tiered Storage does not support separate Iceberg buckets. Once Iceberg is enabled, do not change this value.
```

NOTE: This property is available in Redpanda version 25.1.7 and later.

Base URI for the Iceberg REST catalog. If unset, the REST catalog server determines the location. Some REST catalogs, like AWS Glue, require the client to set this. After Iceberg is enabled, do not change this value.

> Because Tiered Storage does not support the use of distinct buckets for Iceberg,

Reviewer 2: nit: `... if you use need to use this option option (i.e. when using Glue)`.

Would be great if it is possible to reword it somehow so that users understand that this is optional.

> always place `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` in the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you require this option for AWS Glue, note that Tiered Storage does not support the use of distinct buckets for Iceberg, so be sure to always place `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` in the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`.
```

NOTE: This property is available in Redpanda version 25.1.7 and later.

Base URI for the Iceberg REST catalog. If unset, the REST catalog server determines the location. Some REST catalogs, like AWS Glue, require the client to set this. After Iceberg is enabled, do not change this value.

> If you use AWS Glue with Iceberg, the `iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location` must point to the same S3 bucket as `cloud_storage_bucket`. Tiered Storage does not support storing Iceberg data and catalog objects in different buckets. Use a single bucket for both.

Reviewer 2: Previous version was better. The logic is this:

* you don't have to set this normally
* if you want to customize then it must match
* as a general rule, users do not know how to set this correctly so we should be careful not to make them think they need to
---

chatgpt5thinking

Set iceberg_rest_catalog_base_location only when your catalog explicitly requires it (for example, AWS Glue); otherwise, leave it unset and the REST catalog will choose the location. If you do provide a value, it must use the same S3 bucket as cloud_storage_bucket because Tiered Storage doesn’t support separate Iceberg buckets. Once Iceberg is enabled, don’t change this value. In general, most users should not set this option—misconfiguration is common—so prefer the default unless you’re certain an override is needed.
